during the final battle molly weasley
fights one to one with the woman who
killed his son jett of light through
from both ones the floor around the
witches feet became hot and cracked both
women were fighting to kill now mrs.
Weasley cried as a few students ran
forward trying to come to her aid get
back get back she is mine hundreds of
people now lined the walls watching the
two fights Voldemort only three
opponents bellatrix and Molly and Harry
stood invisible torn between both
wanting to attack and yet to protect
unable to be sure that he would not hit
the innocent what will happen to your
children when I've killed you taunted
bellatrix as mad as a master capering as
Molly's curses dance to render when
mommy's gone the same way it's ready you
will never touch children ok screams is
whistling bellatrix laughed the same
exhilarated laughs her cousin serious
had given as he toppled backward through
the veil and suddenly hurry new always
got happened before India
Molly's curse sword beneath bellatrix
his outstretched arm and hit her
squarely in the chest directly over her
heart bellatrix is gloating smile froze
her eyes seemed to bulge for the tiny
space of time she knew what had happened
and then she toppled
you're right when you told professor
snow that one was failing you it will
always this is a moment between
Voldemort and Harry on their final final
battle this was also a lovely second
unit sequence in having Rafe and Daniel
on wires upside down we could only do
that certain number of times and they
really went at it nellis part to the
work was about looking at the second act
and making sure that was enough
juxtaposition between Harry's mission to
destroy the whole crocuses and the
bathroom and the other thing was to
ensure that the finale had enough of a
payoff for the relationship between
Voldemort and Harry because in the
original drafts they were very similar
to what we had in the book when she
takes place in the Great Hall and
Voldemort circles Harry and I felt we
needed something a bit more personal and
visceral between the two of them so I
encourage Steve to go off and think
about ways in which we could have time
with Voldemort and Harry away from
everybody else so that that final
confrontation could be a bit more
personal and intense and this one
come on yet the semantics told you I
don't want to say anything that you
wouldn't say if you want about be killed
by giant snake you'll just ruin it